

Welcome to the ARSC (Aerial Robot Study Circle), COEP Technological University's vibrant and creative club. We are a young club  that is driven by a desire to construct aerial robots that can revolutionize the way we tackle real-world problems for individuals and industries. Our major goal is to create cutting-edge technology and compete in renowned national and international contests. However, our dedication does not stop there. We are committed to increasing young understanding and awareness of aerial robots, and to that end, we routinely organize seminars and invite industry leaders to offer their essential insights. As we reflect on our incredible adventure thus far, we strive to continue pushing boundaries and aspire to achieve nothing less than excellence. Join us as we soar to new heights in the world of aerial robotics! 

Checkout the Aerial shot of our campus 

Text Box

Annual Activity: 

    Representing COEP in AeroTHON (an inter-nation competition) 

    Floral tribute on national events, honouring and marking patriotism. 

    Delivering impactful projects that improve well-being of the society. 

    Organizing various robotics events in Mindspark 

    Participating in various robotics competitions and events to showcase our skills and innovations in the field of robotics 

    Organizing informative seminars and workshops to enhance knowledge and skills. 

 

 

 


Projects completed: 

    Fleet of Drones of Various Sizes 

    Specialized flower showering payload 

    Efficient Medicine Delivery Payload 

    Poster Unfurling Payload 

    Automated Drone 

    3D Printed Custom Designed Frames  

    High-performance drone for stunning videography and aerial photography 

    Custom-engineered silent propellers 

 

Ongoing projects: 

    High-payload drone capable of carrying 10-50kg. 

    Indigenous Flight Controller 

    Automated Flying Robot 

    Surveillance Drone  

 

Future Projects: 

    Medical supply delivery RC Plane for pune  

    HydroBotX: a modular and maneuverable underwater ROV based based on M4 robot  

    VTOL Aircraft  

    Mass manufacturing process for Drone arm with indigenously developed composite  

    High resolution drone photogrammetry for campus 3D mapping  

    Agricultural drone  

    Drone Swarm  

    Making Docking station for drone useful in high frequency low payload  

 

 

Contact Us: 

Faculty Advisor:  

Dr. Shantipal S. Ohol 

Email: - sso.mech@coep.ac.in 

Landline: - +91 02025507918 

  

Secretary: 

Omkar Janawekar 

Email: - arsc@coep.ac.in 

Mobile No: (+91) 9370393412 

  

 

Address: 

Room no. 104, Second Floor, 

New Mechanical Engineering Building, 

Bajaj Auto School of Mechanical Engineering, 

College of Engineering Pune, Wellesley Road, 

Shivajinagar, Pune - 411005 

  

 Social Media: 

LinkedIn: @AerialRoboticsStudyCircle 

Instagram: @arsc_coep 

 


