
The consulting club at COEP was founded to expose COEP Tech students to the potential of a career in consulting and equip them with the necessary skills to thrive in this field. To create a platform for students who are interested in learning about consulting and pursuing a career in the field. The club's goal is to expose students to the consulting area while also contributing value to the industry.
OBJECTIVES OF THE COEP CONSULTING CLUB

    To undertake cases and consulting engagements internally from the college and externally from corporates and NGOs.
    To make sure that our team of student consultants are up to date with trends that are shaping the future of the workplace, humanity, the internet, and industry.
    To assist members in getting adequate corporate exposure, gaining professional communication skills, and making them industry-ready.
    To help build a strong resume.
    To establish a bridge between real-time consultants/corporate experts and students for one-on-one interactions and sharing of views.
    To develop business acumen in engineering students by timely organizing various inter and intra college activities.

We are obsessed with the letter 'C'
 
After all, we are all preparing to become 'C'-suite executives
 
The 4 C activities we do are: cases, concepts, ceynotes, conversations!
 
Cases:
 
Our team of highly motivated and resourceful student consultants undertake cases and consulting engagements internally from the college as well as externally from the corporate and NGOs. Some of our clients are:
 
- Director of 50+ year higher educational institute
- Vice President of HR of a fortune-500 wealth management firm
- Director of IBD Tech division of a fortune-500 financial services company
 
Concepts:
 
A consultant is only as resourceful as the concepts that he holds a command over. To make sure that our team of student consultants are upto date with trends that are shaping the future of workplace, humanity, internet and the industry, we deeply study Mckinsey Quaterly articles and analyse them to get a crystal clear picture of what these concepts are.
 
Ceynotes:
 
There's nothing like getting some face to face time and mentorship from the people who have actually been consultants or closely worked with consultants in the industry. That is why, we arrange ceynotes!
 
Conversations:
 
We have mind boggling conversations with leaders and visionaries from the Corporate who help us delve deep into the corporate world and help us understand how things are done, what trends are affecting the industry and where the industry is going.

Our offical website is under construction, so stay tuned!

Founding Secretary
Arnab Banerjee
B.Tech EnTC
 
Faculty Advisor
Dr. U. M. Chaskar
umc.instru@coep.ac.in
020 2550 7176

