

COEP Debate and Quiz Club is one of Pune’s top competitive debating and quizzing clubs. There are four sections: Marathi, English, Hindi, and Quiz. The members compete in different inter-college competitions, including Model UN, Conventional Debates, and Parliamentary Debates, Intercollegiate quizzes, both inside and outside of Pune, and they frequently take first place. Members, who are skilled public speakers, also actively participate in emceeing campus events. Regular debates, brainstorming sessions, and seminars for skill development are held for the members.

The yearly "Visveswarya Memorial Debate and Quiz Competition" and "COEP Model United Nations" are organized by the debate and quiz club to foster conversation in the student body.

In this academic year (2022-23) club has organized the following events:

 
1.English Speech Competition-

On 3rd October 2022, the English section of the Debate & Quiz Club of COEP organized an English Speech Competition in collaboration with the Society of Women Engineers Club. It was held on the occasion of Sharadiya Navaratri.

This Competition was at the College Level. Students participated from different branches and years. The competition was held in online mode.

The topics for the competition were as follows:

    Cultural significance of Navratri
    Fears to fierce: the evolution of women
    Role of Women in tech in the status quo

 

A two-minute video had to be uploaded on the created link. The judging was done by the senior club members. Prizes of Rs. 3000 were given to the winners.
2.Reading Inspiration Day –

 

Every year Reading Inspiration Day is celebrated on the 15thof October on the occasion of Bharat Ratna Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam's birthday.

 

Due to the examinations, the competition was postponed to 18th October 2022. The event was organized in collaboration with COEP Abhiyanta. The guest speaker for the event was the famous poet and writer Mr. Pravin Davane. He has written more than 150 songs for Marathi films.

'Kavyamanjiri'- poem appreciation competition was also organized and winners were gifted book vouchers. College professors and students were present in the program.
3. मराठी भाषा गौरव दिवस-

 

 

मराठी भाषा गौरव दिवस event celebrated by COEP Debate and Quiz

club and Team Abhiyanta club on 27th February 2023 was a huge success, with speakers from diverse cultural backgrounds.

The event featured speakers like Ex. Secretary of मराठी राजभाषा

दवभाग and Professor at Ferguson College Dr. Anad Katikar as a chief

guest, Professor at COEP Tech Mechanical Department Mr. Praveen Wankhede and Dr. Ravi Varkhedkar.

The keynote speaker shared insights on the importance of Regional languages.

Attendees  had the opportunity to learn about regional Marathi languages and other interesting facts about मायबोली मराठी.

The event was a great way to celebrate regional linguistic diversity and the Marathi language overall.
4.Sir Visvesvaraya Memorial Debate, Elocution and Quiz Tournament 2023-

     Sir Visveswarya Memorial Debate and Quiz Tournament is the annual flagship event of COEP Debate and Quiz Club. This year the competition was held on the 4th and 5th of March, 2023. It was held in 4 sections.

    Marathi Section: In Marathi Section we conducted ‘सर दवश्वेश्वरय्या स्मती करंडक वक्तृ त्व आदि 'वािदववाि स्पर्ाा’.  The elocution competition was  held on 4th March 2023 and the debate competition was held on 5th March 2023. It was a State level intercollegiate competition. We received a great response for this competition from all over Maharashtra.

2) Hindi Section: 'सर दवश्वेश्वरय्या वक्तृ त्व प्रदतयोदगता' was conducted by Hindi Section. It was also State level intercollegiate elocution competition. It was held on 4th March 2023. For this competition also we received a great response from the participants. Participants from various cities in Maharashtra participated in this competition.

 

    English Section: ‘Sir Vishvesvarya Memorial British Parliamentary Debate Competition’ was organized by English Section. It was held on the 4th and 5th of March 2023. The first 4 rounds of the competition were held on of 4th March whereas Semifinal and final rounds were held on the 5th of March. It was a national-level debate competition. Students from Mumbai, Pune, Gujarat, Bhopal, Nagpur, and Jabalpur participated in this competition.

 

    Quiz Section: ‘Sir Vishvesvarya Memorial open general quiz’ Competition was organized by quiz section. It was held on 5th March 2023. For this quiz competition, we received huge responses from students.

 

The prize distribution ceremony was organized on 5th March 2023.

Exciting cash prizes along with certificates and trophies were given to all the winners.

 

The CoEP Debate Club is Pune's premiere competitive debating club. It is divided into two sections English and Marathi section. The members participate in various inter college tournaments, viz Parliamentary Debates ,  Conventional Debates and Model United Nations, in and out of Pune, winning numerous accolades. Being good public speakers , members also play an active role in anchoring college events. The members have regular debating and brainstorming sessions along with workshops for skill refinement.

The Debate Club organises the annual 'Visveswarya Memorial Debate' and 'CoEP Model United Nations' through which it promotes discourse in the student community.

 

Secretary: Arya Kawale

Faculty Advisor :- Dr.Mrs.Mrunnalini Phalak

secondary info:
1. 2 times a week
2. 3-4 ghante
3. cs 
4. jan feb vish 
5. techdebait ms
6. 50%-60%
7. 20:10-15: 5
8. communication skills, variety, confidence, pompous  